docs: update documentation (#128)
idos-network/idos-sdk-js: apps/idos-example-dapp/README.md

Can be driven with either an EVM wallet (e.g. MetaMask) or a NEAR wallet (e.g. Meteor Wallet).

Within the app a user can connect a wallet and:

> * List credentials
> * List wallets
> * List access grants
> * Create an access grant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* List their idOS credentials
* List their idOS wallets
* List their access grants on the connected chain
* Create access grants on the connected chain
```
